README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img width="140" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91657958-61b4fd00-eb00-11ea-9def-dc7ef5367e34.png"  alt="GitHub Profile Trophy"/>
  <h2 align="center">GitHub Profile Trophy</h2>
  <p align="center">🏆 Add dynamically generated GitHub Stat Trophies on your README</p>
</div>
<div align="center">

[![stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/stargazers)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/network/members)
[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/issues)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![share](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fryo-ma%2Fgithub-profile-trophy)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Add%20dynamically%20generated%20GitHub%20Trophy%20on%20your%20readme%0D%0A&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fryo-ma%2Fgithub-profile-trophy)

</div>
<p align="center">
  You can use this service for free. I'm looking for sponsors to help us keep up with this service❤️
</p>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/ryo-ma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=%E2%9D%A4&logo=GitHub&color=ff69b4" alt="Sponsor"/>
  </a>
</div>

> ⚠️ **Notice from the Project Owner**
>
> Hello everyone,\
> I am the owner of this project.
>
> Currently, due to the increase in users and traffic, the cost of maintaining
> this service has become quite high, and it is becoming financially difficult
> to sustain.\
> As costs continue to rise, there is a possibility that the service may have to
> be discontinued.\
> We are now at a stage where monetization and financial support are essential.
>
> Your support in the following ways would be greatly appreciated:
>
> 1. Financial support: [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/ryo-ma)
> 2. Reducing server load through self-hosting (by forking on GitHub and
>    deploying to Vercel)
> 3. Share your github-profile-trophy URL deployed to Vercel for load balancing
>    (Send email: saka_ro@yahoo.co.jp or Pull Request)

# Quick Start

Add the following code to your readme. When pasting the code into your profile's
readme, change the `?username=` value to your GitHub's username.

```
[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=8&rank=SSS,SS,S,AAA,AA,A,B,C" />
</p>

## Use theme

Add optional parameter of the theme.

```
[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92327052-d99b9e00-f091-11ea-9a24-c7ec86982370.png">
</p>

**[More detail](#apply-theme)**

# About Rank

Ranks are `SSS` `SS` `S` `AAA` `AA` `A` `B` `C` `UNKNOWN` `SECRET`.

| Rank       | Description                                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| SSS, SS, S | You are at a hard to reach rank. You can brag.                                             |
| AAA, AA, A | You will reach this rank if you do your best. Let's aim here first.                        |
| B, C       | You are currently making good progress. Let's aim a bit higher.                            |
| UNKNOWN    | You have not taken action yet. Let's act first.                                            |
| SECRET     | This rank is very rare. The trophy will not be displayed until certain conditions are met. |

**NOTE: The `UNKNOWN` rank is denoted by `?`**

## Secret Rank

The acquisition condition is secret, but you can see this.

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/40461f38-a317-431c-93d2-a56c2e803cf3" />
</p>

There are only a few secret trophies. Therefore, if you come up with interesting
conditions, I will consider adding a trophy. I am waiting for contributions.

# About Display details

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91642962-6333e600-ea6a-11ea-83af-e371e996bfa6.png" />
</p>

1. Title name of aggregation target.
2. Current rank.
3. Title according to rank.
4. Target aggregation result.
5. Rank progress bar.

# Optional Request Parameters

- [title](#filter-by-titles)
- [rank](#filter-by-ranks)
- [column](#specify-the-maximum-row--column-size)
- [row](#specify-the-maximum-row--column-size)
- [theme](#apply-theme)
- [margin-w](#margin-width)
- [margin-h](#margin-height)
- [no-bg](#transparent-background)
- [no-frame](#hide-frames)

## Filter by titles

You can filter the display by specifying the titles of trophy.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=Followers
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92317141-80ebe700-f038-11ea-8501-4015bfbb2cf4.png">
</p>

If you want to specify multiple titles.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=Stars,Followers
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b8a1c8b-afcd-49dc-ab18-a439d5c36a83">
</p>

You can also exclude the trophies you don't want to display.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=-Stars,-Followers
```

## Filter by ranks

You can filter the display by specifying the ranks.\
`Available values: SECRET SSS SS S AAA AA A B C`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=S
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91642657-1cdd8780-ea68-11ea-994b-4568a55cd22a.png" />
</p>

If you want to specify multiple ranks.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=S,AAA
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c2ffca8-4b03-4d46-b1d7-4e1eb6702f68">
</p>

You can also exclude ranks.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=-C,-B
```

**NOTE: Since `UNKNOWN` is denoted by `?`, in order to include or exclude it you
will have to use `rank=?` and `rank=-?` respectively**

## Specify the maximum row & column size

You can specify the maximum row and column size.\
Trophy will be hidden if it exceeds the range of both row and column.

`Available value: number type`\
`Default: column=6 row=3`

Restrict only row

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&row=2
```

Restrict only column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=2
```

Restrict row & column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&row=2&column=3
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="330" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91659474-c07f7400-eb0a-11ea-84f2-eb6b42547829.png">
</p>

Adaptive column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=-1
```

You can set `column` to `-1` to adapt the width to the number of trophies, the
parameter `row` will be ignored.

## Apply theme

Available themes.

| theme                       |
| --------------------------- |
| [flat](#flat)               |
| [onedark](#onedark)         |
| [gruvbox](#gruvbox)         |
| [dracula](#dracula)         |
| [monokai](#monokai)         |
| [chalk](#chalk)             |
| [nord](#nord)               |
| [alduin](#alduin)           |
| [darkhub](#darkhub)         |
| [juicyfresh](#juicyfresh)   |
| [buddhism](#buddhism)       |
| [oldie](#oldie)             |
| [radical](#radical)         |
| [onestar](#onestar)         |
| [discord](#discord)         |
| [algolia](#algolia)         |
| [gitdimmed](#gitdimmed)     |
| [tokyonight](#tokyonight)   |
| [matrix](#matrix)           |
| [apprentice](#apprentice)   |
| [dark_dimmed](#dark_dimmed) |
| [dark_lover](#dark_lover)   |
| [kimbie_dark](#kimbie_dark) |
| [aura](#aura)               |

### flat

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=flat
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92325601-039b9300-f087-11ea-983a-fce8133549ee.png">
</p>

### onedark

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92327052-d99b9e00-f091-11ea-9a24-c7ec86982370.png">
</p>

### gruvbox

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=gruvbox
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92315152-e9c56600-f01c-11ea-9536-1bfbb158cfcb.png">
</p>

### dracula

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dracula
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92490273-c91f2b00-f22b-11ea-9481-b5daae4d7bc3.png">
</p>

### monokai

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=monokai
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93725426-2c289e80-fbea-11ea-96a4-f6490ccf2126.png">
</p>

### chalk

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=chalk
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/94294003-1de7d300-ff9a-11ea-91d1-60417a4d919b.png">
</p>

### nord

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=nord
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/94346857-7ab2be80-006a-11eb-9082-36d377ae2531.png">
</p>

### alduin

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=alduin
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/99085932-2a88bf00-260c-11eb-9b26-d2f125773831.png">
</p>

### darkhub

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=darkhub
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/102801126-249ab080-43f8-11eb-91c8-f56f94c35777.png">
</p>

### juicyfresh

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=juicyfresh
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/104810094-edbc8c80-5835-11eb-8c20-a76192a00728.png">
</p>

### buddhism

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=buddhism
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/113709167-2412f500-971d-11eb-9ee5-0ab292cf8b4c.png">
</p>

### oldie

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=oldie
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/113709581-a0a5d380-971d-11eb-8583-770dc4091ebf.png">
</p>

### radical

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=radical
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/116633521-adbc8800-a994-11eb-97c4-e45a32721491.png">
</p>

### onestar

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onestar
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/122048400-2af46d00-ce1c-11eb-94e0-c2c6ddaf6819.png">
</p>

### discord

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=discord
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/122048628-7dce2480-ce1c-11eb-9792-1e600b384c4d.png">
</p>

### algolia

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=algolia
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/131685203-92a31101-2d93-4d18-b24a-d81a8bb012c5.png">
</p>

### gitdimmed

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=gitdimmed
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/131685406-799a864f-2691-4840-bb71-1db9c087a507.png">
</p>

### tokyonight

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=tokyonight
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/135482087-27764d6f-53b4-4c2a-8473-32431d12660c.png">
</p>

### matrix

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=matrix
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/141647414-15cfe279-af12-4746-a886-f494c25c096d.png">
</p>

### apprentice

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=apprentice
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/144701036-285cdd4b-d687-4ddc-95c2-7ccae9e25a1f.png">
</p>

### dark_dimmed

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dark_dimmed
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/147340893-655b9fa5-138f-4f29-91ec-2a17c93822d1.png">
</p>

### dark_lover

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dark_lover
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/152659041-de5b23cb-1be8-4e6b-b07b-726127ab8c3a.png">
</p>

### kimbie_dark

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=kimbie_dark
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8161064/288417332-408705a4-ae9c-47fe-af1a-9fb08555f526.png">
</p>

### aura

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=aura
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18a2266c-9a88-4882-940d-162c0c4d36e0">
</p>

## Margin Width

You can put a margin in the width between trophies.\
`Available value: number type`\
`Default: margin-w=0`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&margin-w=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="735" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93668661-e0ca9f00-fac8-11ea-9bec-325454f49fb4.png">
</p>

## Margin Height

You can put a margin in the height between trophies.\
`Available value: number type`\
`Default: margin-h=0`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&margin-h=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" height="330" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/233dee5b-4491-46cc-884a-39d0aa928752">
</p>

## Example layout

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=3&margin-w=15&margin-h=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="360" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93668677-ff309a80-fac8-11ea-8ae3-3e3e8adbef39.png">
</p>

## Transparent background

You can turn the background transparent.\
`Available value: boolean type (true or false)`\
`Default: no-bg=false`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&no-bg=true
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="969" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32d3b63b-7845-42cb-b71c-31abaa673bcb">
</p>

## Hide frames

You can hide the frames around the trophies.\
`Available value: boolean type (true or false)`\
`Default: no-frame=false`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&no-frame=true
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="936" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54de15a3-d907-4a50-8117-170aae74d1cd">
</p>

# Contribution Guide

Check [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# License

This product is licensed under the
[MIT License](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/blob/master/LICENSE).

# 🙏 Sponsors

Thank you so much to all the amazing sponsors who support this project! Your
contributions help keep development going and make this work possible.

## 💖 Monthly Sponsors

- [@Leay15](https://github.com/Leay15) - $10 / month
- [@hesreallyhim](https://github.com/hesreallyhim) - $10 / month
- [@pmsosa](https://github.com/pmsosa) — $10 / month
- [@chenfeng-huang](https://github.com/chenfeng-huang) — $10 / month
- [@holly-hacker](https://github.com/holly-hacker) — $2 / month
- [@skillerious](https://github.com/skillerious) — $2 / month (since Aug
  17, 2024)
- [@LudovicGardy](https://github.com/LudovicGardy) — $10 / month (since Aug
  15, 2024)
- [@alexcastrodev](https://github.com/alexcastrodev) — $10 / month (since Oct
  13, 2023, previously $50 / month)
- [@great-work-told-is](https://github.com/great-work-told-is) — $10 / month
  (since Apr 12, 2023)
- [@Ilithy](https://github.com/Ilithy) — $5 / month (since Jul 21, 2022)
- [@weakish](https://github.com/weakish) — $2 / month (since Jan 22, 2022)
- [@Kazuhito00](https://github.com/Kazuhito00) — $2 / month (since Jan 19, 2022)
- [@KATO-Hiro](https://github.com/KATO-Hiro) — $2 / month (since Jan 5, 2022)
- [@batazor](https://github.com/batazor) — $2 / month (since Oct 28, 2021)
- [@port19x](https://github.com/port19x) — $2 / month (since Jan 27, 2022)

## 🎁 One-Time Sponsors

- [@tapegram](https://github.com/tapegram) — $20 (December 6, 2025)
- [@WilliamCorotan](https://github.com/WilliamCorotan) — $5 (November 5, 2025)
- [@arnabnandy7](https://github.com/arnabnandy7) — $10 (Oct 3, 2025)
- [@JoqarSabon](https://github.com/JoqarSabon) — $5 (May 24, 2024)
- [@syaghoubi00](https://github.com/syaghoubi00) — $5 (Jan 28, 2024)
- [@pylapp](https://github.com/pylapp) — $20 (Jan 15, 2024)
- [@Dobefu](https://github.com/Dobefu) — $10 (Dec 22, 2024)
- [@michele-lorenzoni](https://github.com/michele-lorenzoni) — $10 (Nov
  26, 2024)
- [@skillerious](https://github.com/skillerious) — $10 (Aug 17, 2024)

Commit message:

Add Japanese localization for documentation and update environment variable handling
- Introduced Japanese translations for README, CONTRIBUTING, LICENSE, and GUIDE documents.
- Added `.cursorindexingignore` to exclude SpecStory auto-save files.
- Updated `.gitignore` to include `.specstory`.
- Enhanced environment variable management in the application to support an allowed username feature, improving security for user requests.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img width="140" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91657958-61b4fd00-eb00-11ea-9def-dc7ef5367e34.png"  alt="GitHub Profile Trophy"/>
  <h2 align="center">GitHub Profile Trophy</h2>
  <p align="center">🏆 Add dynamically generated GitHub Stat Trophies on your README</p>
</div>
<div align="center">

[![stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/stargazers)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/network/members)
[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/issues)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![share](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fryo-ma%2Fgithub-profile-trophy)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Add%20dynamically%20generated%20GitHub%20Trophy%20on%20your%20readme%0D%0A&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fryo-ma%2Fgithub-profile-trophy)

</div>
<p align="center">
  You can use this service for free. I'm looking for sponsors to help us keep up with this service❤️
</p>
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/ryo-ma">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor&message=%E2%9D%A4&logo=GitHub&color=ff69b4" alt="Sponsor"/>
  </a>
</div>

> ⚠️ **Notice from the Project Owner**
>
> Hello everyone,\
> I am the owner of this project.
>
> Currently, due to the increase in users and traffic, the cost of maintaining
> this service has become quite high, and it is becoming financially difficult
> to sustain.\
> As costs continue to rise, there is a possibility that the service may have to
> be discontinued.\
> We are now at a stage where monetization and financial support are essential.
>
> Your support in the following ways would be greatly appreciated:
>
> 1. Financial support: [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/ryo-ma)
> 2. Reducing server load through self-hosting (by forking on GitHub and
>    deploying to Vercel)
> 3. Share your github-profile-trophy URL deployed to Vercel for load balancing
>    (Send email: saka_ro@yahoo.co.jp or Pull Request)

# Quick Start

Add the following code to your readme. When pasting the code into your profile's
readme, change the `?username=` value to your GitHub's username.

```
[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=8&rank=SSS,SS,S,AAA,AA,A,B,C" />
</p>

## Self-host on Vercel (personal use)

- Fork this repo, then create a new Vercel Project from your fork.
- Set Environment Variables in **Project Settings → Environment Variables**:
  - `GITHUB_TOKEN1`: Classic PAT with `read:user` and `public_repo` (use `repo`
    if you need private stats).
  - `GITHUB_TOKEN2`: (optional) second token for fallback/rotation.
  - `ALLOWED_USERNAME`: The single GitHub username to serve (e.g. `Takuto-2005`).
  - `GITHUB_API`: (optional) defaults to `https://api.github.com/graphql`.
- Redeploy after adding/updating environment variables so Vercel picks them up.
- Access: `https://<your-vercel-domain>/` (username defaults to
  `ALLOWED_USERNAME`). Requests for other usernames return 403.
- If you still see a 400/403, re-check that the PAT scopes are classic
  (not fine-grained), env vars exist in the Production environment, and confirm
  via Vercel deployment logs (example project page:
  https://vercel.com/takus-projects-3ca1349f/github-profile-trophy/7p8fPHL8iGTwsd6di4jQDiV2LtdE).

## Use theme

Add optional parameter of the theme.

```
[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92327052-d99b9e00-f091-11ea-9a24-c7ec86982370.png">
</p>

**[More detail](#apply-theme)**

# About Rank

Ranks are `SSS` `SS` `S` `AAA` `AA` `A` `B` `C` `UNKNOWN` `SECRET`.

| Rank       | Description                                                                                |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| SSS, SS, S | You are at a hard to reach rank. You can brag.                                             |
| AAA, AA, A | You will reach this rank if you do your best. Let's aim here first.                        |
| B, C       | You are currently making good progress. Let's aim a bit higher.                            |
| UNKNOWN    | You have not taken action yet. Let's act first.                                            |
| SECRET     | This rank is very rare. The trophy will not be displayed until certain conditions are met. |

**NOTE: The `UNKNOWN` rank is denoted by `?`**

## Secret Rank

The acquisition condition is secret, but you can see this.

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/40461f38-a317-431c-93d2-a56c2e803cf3" />
</p>

There are only a few secret trophies. Therefore, if you come up with interesting
conditions, I will consider adding a trophy. I am waiting for contributions.

# About Display details

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91642962-6333e600-ea6a-11ea-83af-e371e996bfa6.png" />
</p>

1. Title name of aggregation target.
2. Current rank.
3. Title according to rank.
4. Target aggregation result.
5. Rank progress bar.

# Optional Request Parameters

- [title](#filter-by-titles)
- [rank](#filter-by-ranks)
- [column](#specify-the-maximum-row--column-size)
- [row](#specify-the-maximum-row--column-size)
- [theme](#apply-theme)
- [margin-w](#margin-width)
- [margin-h](#margin-height)
- [no-bg](#transparent-background)
- [no-frame](#hide-frames)

## Filter by titles

You can filter the display by specifying the titles of trophy.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=Followers
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92317141-80ebe700-f038-11ea-8501-4015bfbb2cf4.png">
</p>

If you want to specify multiple titles.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=Stars,Followers
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b8a1c8b-afcd-49dc-ab18-a439d5c36a83">
</p>

You can also exclude the trophies you don't want to display.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&title=-Stars,-Followers
```

## Filter by ranks

You can filter the display by specifying the ranks.\
`Available values: SECRET SSS SS S AAA AA A B C`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=S
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91642657-1cdd8780-ea68-11ea-994b-4568a55cd22a.png" />
</p>

If you want to specify multiple ranks.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=S,AAA
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="220" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c2ffca8-4b03-4d46-b1d7-4e1eb6702f68">
</p>

You can also exclude ranks.

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&rank=-C,-B
```

**NOTE: Since `UNKNOWN` is denoted by `?`, in order to include or exclude it you
will have to use `rank=?` and `rank=-?` respectively**

## Specify the maximum row & column size

You can specify the maximum row and column size.\
Trophy will be hidden if it exceeds the range of both row and column.

`Available value: number type`\
`Default: column=6 row=3`

Restrict only row

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&row=2
```

Restrict only column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=2
```

Restrict row & column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&row=2&column=3
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="330" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/91659474-c07f7400-eb0a-11ea-84f2-eb6b42547829.png">
</p>

Adaptive column

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=-1
```

You can set `column` to `-1` to adapt the width to the number of trophies, the
parameter `row` will be ignored.

## Apply theme

Available themes.

| theme                       |
| --------------------------- |
| [flat](#flat)               |
| [onedark](#onedark)         |
| [gruvbox](#gruvbox)         |
| [dracula](#dracula)         |
| [monokai](#monokai)         |
| [chalk](#chalk)             |
| [nord](#nord)               |
| [alduin](#alduin)           |
| [darkhub](#darkhub)         |
| [juicyfresh](#juicyfresh)   |
| [buddhism](#buddhism)       |
| [oldie](#oldie)             |
| [radical](#radical)         |
| [onestar](#onestar)         |
| [discord](#discord)         |
| [algolia](#algolia)         |
| [gitdimmed](#gitdimmed)     |
| [tokyonight](#tokyonight)   |
| [matrix](#matrix)           |
| [apprentice](#apprentice)   |
| [dark_dimmed](#dark_dimmed) |
| [dark_lover](#dark_lover)   |
| [kimbie_dark](#kimbie_dark) |
| [aura](#aura)               |

### flat

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=flat
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92325601-039b9300-f087-11ea-983a-fce8133549ee.png">
</p>

### onedark

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92327052-d99b9e00-f091-11ea-9a24-c7ec86982370.png">
</p>

### gruvbox

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=gruvbox
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92315152-e9c56600-f01c-11ea-9536-1bfbb158cfcb.png">
</p>

### dracula

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dracula
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/92490273-c91f2b00-f22b-11ea-9481-b5daae4d7bc3.png">
</p>

### monokai

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=monokai
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93725426-2c289e80-fbea-11ea-96a4-f6490ccf2126.png">
</p>

### chalk

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=chalk
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/94294003-1de7d300-ff9a-11ea-91d1-60417a4d919b.png">
</p>

### nord

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=nord
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/94346857-7ab2be80-006a-11eb-9082-36d377ae2531.png">
</p>

### alduin

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=alduin
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/99085932-2a88bf00-260c-11eb-9b26-d2f125773831.png">
</p>

### darkhub

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=darkhub
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/102801126-249ab080-43f8-11eb-91c8-f56f94c35777.png">
</p>

### juicyfresh

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=juicyfresh
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/104810094-edbc8c80-5835-11eb-8c20-a76192a00728.png">
</p>

### buddhism

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=buddhism
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/113709167-2412f500-971d-11eb-9ee5-0ab292cf8b4c.png">
</p>

### oldie

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=oldie
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/113709581-a0a5d380-971d-11eb-8583-770dc4091ebf.png">
</p>

### radical

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=radical
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/116633521-adbc8800-a994-11eb-97c4-e45a32721491.png">
</p>

### onestar

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onestar
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/122048400-2af46d00-ce1c-11eb-94e0-c2c6ddaf6819.png">
</p>

### discord

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=discord
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/122048628-7dce2480-ce1c-11eb-9792-1e600b384c4d.png">
</p>

### algolia

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=algolia
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/131685203-92a31101-2d93-4d18-b24a-d81a8bb012c5.png">
</p>

### gitdimmed

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=gitdimmed
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/131685406-799a864f-2691-4840-bb71-1db9c087a507.png">
</p>

### tokyonight

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=tokyonight
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/135482087-27764d6f-53b4-4c2a-8473-32431d12660c.png">
</p>

### matrix

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=matrix
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/141647414-15cfe279-af12-4746-a886-f494c25c096d.png">
</p>

### apprentice

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=apprentice
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/144701036-285cdd4b-d687-4ddc-95c2-7ccae9e25a1f.png">
</p>

### dark_dimmed

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dark_dimmed
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/147340893-655b9fa5-138f-4f29-91ec-2a17c93822d1.png">
</p>

### dark_lover

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=dark_lover
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31789752/152659041-de5b23cb-1be8-4e6b-b07b-726127ab8c3a.png">
</p>

### kimbie_dark

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=kimbie_dark
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8161064/288417332-408705a4-ae9c-47fe-af1a-9fb08555f526.png">
</p>

### aura

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=aura
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="660" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/18a2266c-9a88-4882-940d-162c0c4d36e0">
</p>

## Margin Width

You can put a margin in the width between trophies.\
`Available value: number type`\
`Default: margin-w=0`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&margin-w=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="735" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93668661-e0ca9f00-fac8-11ea-9bec-325454f49fb4.png">
</p>

## Margin Height

You can put a margin in the height between trophies.\
`Available value: number type`\
`Default: margin-h=0`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&margin-h=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="110" height="330" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/233dee5b-4491-46cc-884a-39d0aa928752">
</p>

## Example layout

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&column=3&margin-w=15&margin-h=15
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="360" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6661165/93668677-ff309a80-fac8-11ea-8ae3-3e3e8adbef39.png">
</p>

## Transparent background

You can turn the background transparent.\
`Available value: boolean type (true or false)`\
`Default: no-bg=false`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&no-bg=true
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="969" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32d3b63b-7845-42cb-b71c-31abaa673bcb">
</p>

## Hide frames

You can hide the frames around the trophies.\
`Available value: boolean type (true or false)`\
`Default: no-frame=false`

```
https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&no-frame=true
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="936" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/54de15a3-d907-4a50-8117-170aae74d1cd">
</p>

# Contribution Guide

Check [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# License

This product is licensed under the
[MIT License](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy/blob/master/LICENSE).

# 🙏 Sponsors

Thank you so much to all the amazing sponsors who support this project! Your
contributions help keep development going and make this work possible.

## 💖 Monthly Sponsors

- [@Leay15](https://github.com/Leay15) - $10 / month
- [@hesreallyhim](https://github.com/hesreallyhim) - $10 / month
- [@pmsosa](https://github.com/pmsosa) — $10 / month
- [@chenfeng-huang](https://github.com/chenfeng-huang) — $10 / month
- [@holly-hacker](https://github.com/holly-hacker) — $2 / month
- [@skillerious](https://github.com/skillerious) — $2 / month (since Aug
  17, 2024)
- [@LudovicGardy](https://github.com/LudovicGardy) — $10 / month (since Aug
  15, 2024)
- [@alexcastrodev](https://github.com/alexcastrodev) — $10 / month (since Oct
  13, 2023, previously $50 / month)
- [@great-work-told-is](https://github.com/great-work-told-is) — $10 / month
  (since Apr 12, 2023)
- [@Ilithy](https://github.com/Ilithy) — $5 / month (since Jul 21, 2022)
- [@weakish](https://github.com/weakish) — $2 / month (since Jan 22, 2022)
- [@Kazuhito00](https://github.com/Kazuhito00) — $2 / month (since Jan 19, 2022)
- [@KATO-Hiro](https://github.com/KATO-Hiro) — $2 / month (since Jan 5, 2022)
- [@batazor](https://github.com/batazor) — $2 / month (since Oct 28, 2021)
- [@port19x](https://github.com/port19x) — $2 / month (since Jan 27, 2022)

## 🎁 One-Time Sponsors

- [@tapegram](https://github.com/tapegram) — $20 (December 6, 2025)
- [@WilliamCorotan](https://github.com/WilliamCorotan) — $5 (November 5, 2025)
- [@arnabnandy7](https://github.com/arnabnandy7) — $10 (Oct 3, 2025)
- [@JoqarSabon](https://github.com/JoqarSabon) — $5 (May 24, 2024)
- [@syaghoubi00](https://github.com/syaghoubi00) — $5 (Jan 28, 2024)
- [@pylapp](https://github.com/pylapp) — $20 (Jan 15, 2024)
- [@Dobefu](https://github.com/Dobefu) — $10 (Dec 22, 2024)
- [@michele-lorenzoni](https://github.com/michele-lorenzoni) — $10 (Nov
  26, 2024)
- [@skillerious](https://github.com/skillerious) — $10 (Aug 17, 2024)
